Add security consideration for HSM (#279)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-opaque: draft-irtf-cfrg-opaque.md

limited checks at the server are possible to implement, e.g., detecting repeated
passwords.

## AKE Private Key Storage

Server implementations of OPAQUE do not need access to the raw AKE private key. They only require
the ability to compute shared secrets as specified in {{key-schedule-functions}}. Thus, applications

> may store the server AKE private key can be stored in a Hardware Security Module (HSM) or

Author: ```suggestion
may store the server AKE private key in a Hardware Security Module (HSM) or
```

@chris-wood is this what you meant ? :)

limited checks at the server are possible to implement, e.g., detecting repeated
passwords.

## AKE Private Key Storage

> The server's AKE private key can be securely stored in a Hardware Security Module (HSM) or
> similar. Upon compromise of the OPRF seed and client envelopes, this would prevent an
> attacker from using this data to mount a server spoofing attack.
> 
> Supporting implementations need to consider allowing separate AKE and OPRF algorithms in the
> case the HSM does not support the ciphersuite used for the OPRF. Also, they must not require
> access to the AKE private key bytes, only support for generating shared keys for the AKE is
> necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server implementations of OPAQUE do not need access to the raw AKE private key. They only require
the ability to compute shared secrets as specified in {{key-schedule-functions}}. Thus, applications
may store the server AKE private key can be stored in a Hardware Security Module (HSM) or
similar. Upon compromise of the OPRF seed and client envelopes, this would prevent an
attacker from using this data to mount a server spoofing attack. Supporting implementations 
need to consider allowing separate AKE and OPRF algorithms in cases where the HSM is 
incompatible with the OPRF algorithm.
```

Reviewer: I _think_ this makes the HSM use case and considerations a bit more clear.
